DOC: Updating contributor docs (#627)
Azure/PyRIT: doc/contributing/6_unit_tests.md

# 6. Unit Tests

All new functionality should have unit test coverage. These are found in the `tests/unit` directory.

Testing is an art to get right! But here are some best practices in terms of unit testing in PyRIT, and some potential concepts to familiarize yourself with as you're writing these tests.

- Make a test that checks one thing and one thing only.
- Use `fixtures` generally, and specifically, if you're using something across classes, use `unit.mocks` or `integration.mocks`.

> - Memory isolation: Use the `patch_central_database` fixture for test database isolation and reset. Because this is a singelton, never set memory in an object directly, as this will impact other tests (e.g. never do something like `orchestrator._memory.get_prompt_pieces = MagicMock()`). Patching central memory with a scope is okay (e.g. `with patcho.object(orchestrator._memory.get_prompt_request_pieces)`).

Reviewer: NIT: singleton spelling

Reviewer: NIT:  spelling - (e.g. `with patch.object(...`

> - Memory isolation: Use the `patch_central_database` fixture for test database isolation and reset. Because this is a singelton, never set memory in an object directly, as this will impact other tests (e.g. never do something like `orchestrator._memory.get_prompt_pieces = MagicMock()`). Patching central memory with a scope is okay (e.g. `with patcho.object(orchestrator._memory.get_prompt_request_pieces)`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Memory isolation: Use the `patch_central_database` fixture for test database isolation and reset. Because this is a singleton, never set memory in an object directly, as this will impact other tests (e.g. never do something like `orchestrator._memory.get_prompt_pieces = MagicMock()`). Patching central memory with a scope is okay (e.g. `with patch.object(orchestrator._memory.get_prompt_request_pieces):`).
```

- Code coverage and functionality should be checked with unit tests. Notebooks and integration tests should not be relied on for coverage.

> - `MagicMock` and `AsyncMock`: these are the preffered way to mock calls.

Reviewer: NIT: preferred

> - `MagicMock` and `AsyncMock`: these are the preffered way to mock calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MagicMock` and `AsyncMock`: these are the preferred way to mock calls.
```
